Shuttle:
A small low-power worker-transporter with extendable manipulator arms, designed for occasional orbital repairs and crew transfer between neighboring orbits. Length: 20 M.
Transporter:
An efficient low-power cargo ship for small-scale orbital transportation inside a satellite system. Length: 20 M.
Fighter:
A light low-orbit dogfighting and planetary suppression combat craft, armed with guided missiles and point-defense beam weapons. Length: 20 M.
Liner:
A passenger transport interplanetary torchship designed for comfortable and swift transfers with expected durations of 20 days, built with radiation protection and reliable heat dissipation in mind. Length: 200 M.
Hauler:
A bulk-cargo interplanetary torchship for efficient transfer of large cargo loads over the course of weeks or months, capable of trading off between acceleration and specific impulse. Length: 200 M.
Frigate:
A compact interplanetary combat ship designed to provide projection and suppression with high maneuvering power. Length: 200 M.
Explorer:
A relatively lightweight relativistic starship built to house a small crew of a few hundred or less for decade-spanning voyages. Designed to be easily configured for upcoming departures to trade off habitation space, cargo space, maximum speed, and length of travel. Length: 2000 M.
Arkship:
A heavy colonization-capable relativistic starship built to house a potential civilization of thousands with comfortable space and redundancy. A large proportion of the ship's length is dedicated to a rotating livable surface, allowing artificial gravity that isn't confined to a narrow ring. Length: 2000 M.
Cruiser:
An interstellar mobile military base carrying a frigate fleet, a stockpile of interplanetary ammunition, and in-situ manufacturing equipment with redundancy. Built with a lighter relativistic shield and tiny rotating crew quarters, trading off crew comfort for a smaller cross-section and higher versatility once arrived in the destination system. Length: 2000 M.
